
> phase1@1.0.0 build
> tsc

node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/factory/parser.d.ts(1,13): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/factory/program.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/index.d.ts(146,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/AnnotationsReader.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/AnnotationsReader/BasicAnnotationsReader.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/AnnotationsReader/ExtendedAnnotationsReader.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/ChainNodeParser.d.ts(1,13): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/CircularReferenceNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Error/BaseError.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Error/Errors.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/ExposeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Interfaces/AnnotationsReader.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Interfaces/SubNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/AnnotatedNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/AnyTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ArrayLiteralExpressionNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ArrayNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/AsExpressionNodeParser.d.ts(2,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/BooleanLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/BooleanTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/CallExpressionParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ConditionalTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ConstructorNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/EnumNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ExpressionWithTypeArgumentsNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/FunctionNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/HiddenTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/IndexedAccessTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/InterfaceAndClassNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/IntersectionNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/IntrinsicNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/LiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/MappedTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/NeverTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/NullLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/NumberLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/NumberTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ObjectLiteralExpressionNodeParser.d.ts(2,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ObjectTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/OptionalTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ParameterParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/ParenthesizedNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/PrefixUnaryExpressionNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/PropertyAccessExpressionParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/RestTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/StringLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/StringTemplateLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/StringTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/SymbolTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/TupleNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/TypeAliasNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/TypeLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/TypeofNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/TypeOperatorNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/TypeReferenceNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/UndefinedLiteralNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/UndefinedTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/UnionNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/UnknownTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/NodeParser/VoidTypeNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/SchemaGenerator.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/SubNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/TopRefNodeParser.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Type/FunctionType.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Utils/hasJsDocTag.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Utils/isHidden.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Utils/modifiers.d.ts(1,8): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
node_modules/ts-json-schema-generator/dist/src/Utils/symbolAtNode.d.ts(1,13): error TS1259: Module '"/Users/nikhildhoka/Desktop/Software Engineering/phase1/node_modules/typescript/lib/typescript"' can only be default-imported using the 'esModuleInterop' flag
src/generateSchema.ts(9,33): error TS2339: Property 'ES6' does not exist on type 'typeof ScriptTarget'.
src/generateSchema.ts(15,5): error TS2561: Object literal may only specify known properties, but 'tsConfig' does not exist in type 'Config'. Did you mean to write 'tsconfig'?
